add a reasonable example for INL_JOIN (#15213)
pingcap/docs: optimizer-hints.md

{{< copyable "sql" >}}

```sql
SELECT /*+ INL_JOIN(t1, t2) */ * FROM t1, t2, t3 WHERE t1.id = t2.id AND t2.id = t3.id;
```

> In the preceding SQL statement, the `INL_JOIN(t1, t2)` hint tells the optimizer to use the index nested loop join algorithm for `t1` and `t2`. Note that this does not mean that the index nested loop join algorithm is used between `t1` and `t2`. Instead, the hint indicates that `t1` and `t2` each use the index nested loop join algorithm with other tables (`t3`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the preceding SQL statement, the `INL_JOIN(t1, t2)` hint tells the optimizer to use the index nested loop join algorithm for `t1` and `t2`. Note that this does not mean that the index nested loop join algorithm is used between `t1` and `t2`. Instead, the hint indicates that `t1` and `t2` each use the index nested loop join algorithm with another table (`t3`).
```
